[#435] Document compatibility between HTTP API and iRODS servers (main) (#462)
irods/irods_client_http_api: README.md

API documentation can be found in [API.md](./API.md).

## iRODS Server Compatibility

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > The HTTP API has not reached 1.0 status yet. It is considered unstable and can experience significant changes. While the current design has held up well, users need to be prepared to address breaking changes as needed. The **Changed** and **Removed** sections of the release notes can assist you in identifying such changes.

Author: The suggested change talks about the interface but not the behavior. Can you adjust the wording so that it covers the behavior side as well?

> > The HTTP API has not reached 1.0 status yet. It is considered unstable and can experience significant changes. While the current design has held up well, users need to be prepared to address breaking changes as needed. The **Changed** and **Removed** sections of the release notes can assist you in identifying such changes.

Author: Updated wording based on your suggestion.

Let me know what you think.

> The HTTP API is fully compatible with iRODS 4.3.2 and later.

Reviewer: Is there partial compatibility with other versions (e.g. 4.2.12)?

Reviewer: Okay. Is there an issue for that? The word "fully" is what made me think of the question about certain versions being partially compatible, if that helps.

Reviewer 2: all releases are partially compatible with older things... the protocol has largely stayed the same.   i'm not sure it's worth trying to describe/articulate those differences... that's the constable full-matrix...

Author: Removed "fully".

Author: Opened #463 to address the 4.2 compatibility config option.

## iRODS Server Compatibility

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The HTTP API has not reached 1.0 status yet. It is not considered stable and may continue to change. While the current design has held up well, users need to be prepared to address breaking changes as needed. The **Changed** and **Removed** sections of the release notes can assist you in identifying such changes.

The HTTP API is compatible with iRODS 4.3.2 and later.

> It is a passthrough service. Support for an operation will depend on whether the connected iRODS server implements it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is a passthrough service. Support for any particular operation will depend on whether the connected iRODS server implements it.
```

Reviewer 2: but it's also fine as is.   up to you.

Author: Done.
